Add documentation for extending the simulation functions (#328)
Genentech/jmpost: vignettes/extending-jmpost.Rmd

        dplyr::mutate(psi_s = stats::rlnorm(dplyr::n(), log(object@mu_s[.data$arm_idx]), object@omega_s)) |>
        dplyr::mutate(psi_g = stats::rlnorm(dplyr::n(), log(object@mu_g[.data$arm_idx]), object@omega_g)) |>
        dplyr::mutate(psi_phi = stats::rbeta(dplyr::n(), object@a_phi[.data$arm_idx], object@b_phi[.data$arm_idx]))
    res[, c("pt", "arm", "study", "psi_b", "psi_s", "psi_g", "psi_phi")]
}

sampleObservations.SimLongitudinalGSF <- function(object, times_df) {
    times_df |>
        dplyr::mutate(mu_sld = gsf_sld(.data$time, .data$psi_b, .data$psi_s, .data$psi_g, .data$psi_phi)) |>
        dplyr::mutate(dsld = gsf_dsld(.data$time, .data$psi_b, .data$psi_s, .data$psi_g, .data$psi_phi)) |>
        dplyr::mutate(ttg = gsf_ttg(.data$time, .data$psi_b, .data$psi_s, .data$psi_g, .data$psi_phi)) |>
        dplyr::mutate(sld = stats::rnorm(dplyr::n(), .data$mu_sld, .data$mu_sld * object@sigma)) |>
        dplyr::mutate(
            log_haz_link =
                (object@link_dsld * .data$dsld) +
                (object@link_ttg * .data$ttg) +
                (object@link_identity * .data$mu_sld)
        )
}
```

> The `subjects_df` argument to the `sampleSubjects` method is a `data.frame` with the following columns:

Reviewer: might need a blank line after this to get the list rendered correctly?

> - `pt` - The subject identifier

Reviewer: is this already consistent with the names elsewhere? Just because "pt" sounds more like "patient" instead of "subject".

- `arm` - The treatment arm that the subject belongs to
- `study` - The study that the subject belongs to

> Of note is that this dataset is 1 row per subject. The return value must be a `data.frame` with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of note is that this dataset contains one row per subject. The return value must be a `data.frame` with the
```
